                                                              
   /)       __   /,          _,_      ,_        .  _,_ /_  ,  
 _//__(_/__(_,__/(_   _(_/__(_/_(_/__/ (_     _/__(_/_/_)_/_)_
_/                     _/_                   _/_              
/)                    (/                    (/                
`                                                             

## fuck your jobs!!!!!!

get a job you love and never work a day in your life. get a job you love. never work a day in your life. get a job. never work. never work a job you love and get a day in your life. this is my day and i will own every moment of it, it is the only thing i will ever own and i keep it entirely for myself

>never work a job you love and get a day in your life

i have sold years of my life to another man who did not appreciate their true value. i have spent days pondering the thoughts in other mens heads simply to make them happy. i have searched the world in attempt to see things as they see them. all out of unfounded fear taught to me by force. i have never succeeded in seeing the world as other men do and honestly that is source of great sadness for me. perhaps some folks can achieve it. perhaps they are lying to the world and to themselves. 

in my mid twenties i stopped asking for time off of work and instead dictated my schedule to my wage masters.  i knew they would think i was audacious. that was the point. the absolute AUDACTIY. i had been empowered by years of poverty and homelessness. i knew that by and large i was capable of meandering my way through lifes toughest situations and coming out alive on the other side. a few teeth fewer perhaps but i will wear those empty spaces as a badge of honor.

the guardians at the gates of our great churches of commerce are a consistent reminder of the despair we put on each other.  you sit and guard the door to commerce, perhaps you glean a look into my bag, perhaps a look at my receipt? i walk past in disdain. not this bag, not this time. i get to my car and regret my disdain. i cant help it. it is one of my few visceral pleasures. the real shame of it all is that i want to think that people can all contribute greatly to the world around us but i cannot make my self believe it. it should be enough that we have time to enjoy the sound of rain falling on a tin roof.

i know the model, there is a debate for public office. in my city, in my town, in my village, in my STATE, in my nationSTATE. there will be debates and those debates will assume a truth that has been taught with force. it is a light handed force with an authoratative tone. caring but stern. we cannot disrupt the order. we have benefitted so greatly from the order that we must never escape it. the order will set you free. we know it we have been there.

fuck your jobs!!!! 

automate everything. break everything. build everything. make no mistake the consequences are NOT dire. the tragedy does NOT exist.  lay the day away with a hawaiian burger on a hammock.  revolution is so mundane! laziness is not so much a virtue as the very little that virtues actually matter.  it is that we think if we write things down they become greater. shall we list the virtues?

1. laziness
2. patience
3. oh fuck there arent any others 

while the great men of our time debate who can provide us with the proper amount of work i will be happy to give them something to debate.  keep talking mitt. AOC couldnt scare me with her threat of green jobs if she vomitted them up herself. i am not enlightened i am just whittling away my time on earth with no end goal in mind. content that my knife is sharp. 
