 __,   /_  ,_  __,   __  __,   __/  __,   /_  ,_  __, 
(_/(__/_)_/ (_(_/(__(_,_(_/(__(_/(_(_/(__/_)_/ (_(_/(_
                                                                               
                                                                               
## presto abracadabra alakazam hocus-pocus open-sesame huzzah shazam change-o

just like that the world ends. it cant be put well enough that language is real magic. real human magic. i have heard the analogies of science as magick. i have read the unbearable novels.  its amazing! if we didn't know the process behind it we would just have thought it was a magic trick! astonishing! how very perceptive of you.

save it. i dont care about that magic. i care about gandalfs magic. the planting of a seed is real magic. one word amazes me enough. the best part is that we do not understand its exact effect ever and yet we manage to navigate reality regardless. if i tell you about a giraffe which giraffe do you imagine? where is that giraffe? is it in space? roaming the veldt? nibbling leaves? smiling? if i tell you about a dead giraffe do you think of poachers? i do. i dont even know if poaching giraffes is a thing but i have to imagine it is. i <i>have</i> to imagine it is. your magic forces me to every single time. do you imagine the giraffe cut down the middle and gutted while people rationally distribute the inner makings of that beast? do you imagine a giraffe getting pushed around at a land fill? garbage to the world. less than useless, an occupier of space that prevents the rest of reality from reaching its ultimate goal.

i promise you i will never mention a giraffe again. i promise. hand on heart that i will never mention giraffes ever again.  what form does a promise take to you? is it a box that you guard until it can be fulfilled? is it random words on a page? merely vibrations through the air that trigger useless electro-chemical reactions through your entire body?

giraffe.

there i did it. i broke my promise. that is magic right there. black magic. 

i have to tell you that deciding to do that. to break my promise. well it broke my heart. it came to me in visions of dagger thrusts through the chest of a pixelated brown haired blue eyed man.  sort of like me but cartoonish and less fat. so if i tell you that it broke my heart i want you to know i really mean it. jagged pieces covered in blood.   
