   ,_    _   _  ,_    ,      /_   .  ,   -/-
 _/_)__(/__(/__/_)__/_)_   _/ (__/__/_)__/_ 
 /            /                             
/            /                              
                                            

## a shitty peoples history of the americas by the enlightened metropolitan masters


it struck me that nobody else noticed.  the form of our lives had set in enough to be irrevocable.  the tales of my life would be determined in the halls of great men and the stories of my life would pass before i was dead.  even within the fight for common dignity men and women would be elevated to near god like reverence.  people would not recall the tale of a child who spent his early years mending a sick mother, his youth resentful, and his adulthood rebuilding some idea of family where the roles were not reversed. it was too common a tale that the boomers have left us.

so when i say it struck i really mean it.

i bought the book on st marks and brought back to my home on newark ave in new jersey.  a peoples history of the united states.  it was meant to restore dignity to a history people had missed. to tell of two brothers that carry traditions with them for years into a world too modern to notice. not a story of geronimo but a story of Bedonkohe.  not to list a series of actions but to convey the rhythm of a people and their lives.

the fact of the matter is i never finished a peoples history of the united states and i do not care to. i am tired of the tales of great men, i am far more interested in the stories my neighbors have to tell.  one of my neighbors grew up locally and was one of 15 children. yes 15.  he tells me all the time of his neighborhood that is now torn down and how they would have fun when they were kids. his friends tell me about getting their asses beat cause they were black.  we sit at his picnic table for entire spring days chatting it up with the walkers by.

another neighbor moved here from india when he was 18.  people in america ask him if he can speak english. what a bunch of assholes.  his parents come every summer and make food like i have never had before. some summers we work together on jobs.  sometimes we argue about them. he shares his recipes. i saw him the day his son was born. i knew when he had money stolen from his store.

beats the hell out of howard zinns shitty version of america.

last summer there was a man on his deathbed on the corner and we would bring flowers and clear brush for his wife while she waited for him to die. he was nearly 90 i believe. when i was lucky enough to have time to chat with him the jokes and winks seemed never to end. his truck still sits in the driveway like the chariot that never took him to the promised land. i think he signed up for the military during world war 2 like my grandfather did. i think he served in korea like my grandfather did also. i do not know what happened to my grandfathers truck. i dont think he really liked it. i do know that my grandfather loved his morris with a suzuki drive train. that one sits too. its sad. its history now.

his wife grew up here in new london. she was born during the depression i think.  she tells us all about the  wine her neighbors used to make with grapes they grew themselves. or about the old farms that used to outline this small city.  shes tells us about when they tried closing down state street to promote commerce and how terrible it was.
	
i hear stories about arrests, about parties behind the waterford speedbowl, about neighbors that make it into professional sports, travels to home countries, the old times and dances, of playing baseball with the best man in my own fathers wedding.  my good friend across the street grew up in liberty city florida.  he tells me of escaping the city when he was younger. going to his families farm and climbing trees all day. i watched his son climbed the ranks in boxing, get his masters degree, and build an entire life.
 	  



