 -/- /_   .  ,       .  ,      -/- /_   .  ,       .  ,         ,___,  -/- _   ,_  
_/__/ (__/__/_)_   _/__/_)_   _/__/ (__/__/_)_   _/__/_)_  _/_/_/(_/(__/__(/__/ (_
                                                         
## i cant stop the meta

car talk is gone, dfw is dead, the punkers care about my feelings.  wtf.  we are left here surrounded by the great boomer cigarette smoke in the back seat of the car smelling  like dog waiting for mom to come back out of the supermarket. id wager it was right at the beginning of final fantasy 1 after we defeated garland but before our king had the bridge built. that was the world we all deserved.  the  electric princess safe we reassume our lives right where we left off. our courage and humility rewarded amply. wounded but pushing forward slowly.  

car talk ended october of 2012 and played on air until mid 2017.  it couldnt have been a worse blow to my morale. i could feel the knife twisting. the hours spent on weekend mornings driving through new england spilling coffee and listening to those ramblings about engines, fuses, removable rugs, and bad gas(yes BAD GAS) were through. no more weekend drives, no coffee spilled, no more laughs.  it was just me now looking for another saturday morning cartoon. I had kids and there was plenty to do.

but i didn't understand what an absolute betrayal it was. my father and his father spoke 

>just like  Tom and Ray. 

these were my people. it was my childhood.  it was talk in the garage after easter dinner where my grandfather would show of his suzuki drive train pushing along an old morris, or changing the oil pan on my cousins caravan. or mine.  the situation that played out after my mother died when my dad helped me change a fuel pump in an old chevy truck for the first time ever could have doubled for a car talk episode. same jokes left in the air for mere seconds until moving on to the next bit.  Tom died in 2017. so did my grandfather. there is no more car talk and there is no other car talk.

sometimes i try desperately to rediscover  my love for video games in an attempt  to fill that empty space on saturday morning. 

my father speaks in the vernacular and neither i nor my brother do.  even writing this feels wrong. what is the voice i write in? how is this spoken inside myself?  sometimes i manage to manifest those spirits. non rhotic for just a few minutes my language becomes invocation.  its an act but maybe if i watch andy kaufman enough i could fool myself.  i could invert reality. i could escape the mill town for my children just as my grandfather did for his. i wonder frequently exactly why i <i>don't</i> speak in the vernacular.  how has that been taught out of me and why.  if there were any people i could or would claim as kin outside family that was how the most of them spoke. i did it to myself. my father did it. my brother and my mother did it to us. for a better and more perfect union. for a better future. for my childrens and theirs as well.

but thats not how things are working out is it?  it is like commonality and emotional distance are a 1:1 relationship with no exceptions.  my father was a dukakis supporter. i vividly remember "democrat. thats who we vote in this family". always. Dukakis, Clinton, Gore, Obama. Mom died. Obama. Trump. Trump. what the fuck? mom died and this happens? is that what happened? car talk goes off the air and this is what happens? hillary clinton is what happened? joe biden is what happened? no. alex jones? roseanne barr? google? the algorithm? this is life after god. the only way back to normalcy is to reinvigorate the christian tradition? nah fuck that. this is an intelligence psy-op manifesting on 4chan in order to frame the status quo in a heavenly light.  this is an intelligence psy-op manifesting on facebook to sow the seeds of despair amongst a people so desperately detached from each other they will not be able to manifest humaness internally or externally.  this is an intelligence psy-op made to test the waters of broad scale psychological control via interconnectivity. this is an intelligence psy-op. is it? does it matter? is it a cultural betrayal? is it an enlightened voice dictating a morality we can all live? is it a salesman dictating a morality we can all live? 

even yet the news channels trudge on.  more like a sportscast than an informative resource. we can easily debate how the situation in syria will turn out. we can even go to syria and give our lives in the name of kurdistan. if zizek has anything right about me its how great i feel after sharing the latest article about the autonomous women of rojava killing their oppressors with AKs and RPGs.  i envision my death for kurdistan as the ultimate commodity. i pay the ultimate price and am granted the ultimate reward. GOD I LOVE ZIZEK. ZIZEK I LOVE GOD. 

i get that joke. do you get it? it would be cool if you did but cooler if you didnt. get it? thought so.

i have never read dfws novels. i can only imagine they are meta af. i havent the patience or intelligence to sort through some academics pile of meta and act like it matters. if it matters it matters in the same way steve insky matters . if i can understand what this man says i am elevated. i am a light to the world. these are my people. we will save you. open your heart to be like me. open your heart to my shit. eat my shit fuckface you dont matter at all. be enlightened please.

i have listened to every interview i could find. i have listened to and read this is water endlessly. i liked the guy. i liked his drug addiction. i like how drug addiction can bring the enlightened down to my level. somehow my rich friends that are addicted to heroin have become as concerned with catalytic converters as i had to be. that was cool. i can tell you i absolutely hate laying on the side of the road in jersey with a hacksaw trying to cut off my catalytic converter so a dumb asshole can take it to the scrap yard and make a quick hundo.  no i dont. that was joke. did you get it?

whereas previously i found my self elated to be a female freedom fighter in rojava, now i imagine myself as dfw walking into the umpteenth church looking for salvation. the kingdom of heaven is within david, didn't you know? there is nobody that can save you except yourself and jesus. lets be realistic. did you ever really think you could believe? in these times? 

>in these times.  

i hear you my friend. i hear you on youtube from beyond the grave.  we believe in THE GOD in order to not become a slave to lesser gods. gods of money. gods of greed. gods of peace. gods of learning. gods of meta. they own you. you are possessed.

what i mean to say is that dfws solution to the problem was a good one. sincerity escaped him. in all of his wit, his invocation and his vocation he was a slave to be freed.  i have to wonder. is this the song i should join? it is a song to be proud of. it is a song i can get behind.  i can read these novels. i can try at least. i do try. but shit i just can't stop laughing. i mean these laughs sincerely. they are important too. im laughing at it too. i have to believe i actually mean it. this is my rhythm. i go to church. i pray to ZIZEK.  i support rojava. i mean it. i mean it enough to go march with the EZLN. to drink the mezcal, to take a gift home to a friend. viva zapata! my kin. let us go together on an adventure to find subcommandante marcos.

=>the_outlet.gmi [back to the outlet] 
