```
            _                 _              
     __,   // __,      __,   // __,      __, 
_/)_(_/(__(/_(_/(__/)_(_/(__(/_(_/(__/)_(_/(_
  _/_               _/_               _/_    
 (/                (/                (/      
                                             
                                     
```

## Where to start?

Welcome to my gemini capsule. This started as simply a place for me to work on and publish new additions/modifications to the table top tactical game I am making but seemed better to just include anything i felt like putting out into this little slice of cyberspace. My microblog will be an outlet for __news_that_i_like__ and various simple thought snippets.  __the_outlet__ will be a general dumping area for my numerous and sporadic creative interests. I used to make music, sometimes i paint(with my kids!), i like to make pixel art tarot cards with aseprite, i write poorly, i garden for pleasure and as a profession though i doubt that will make it onto this space, i may create a lbry channel this year though my intense fear of my own numerous failures has prevented me in the past and could continue to do so. indeed making this capsule feels like one step away from that.  I doubt that anyone will actually see this. If you do make it by it would be awesome if you would drop me an email @ zalazalaza1000@gmail.com just to let me know you got here!

### where to now?

=> ./outlet/the_outlet.gmi General dumping grounds for media
=> ./hash/hashy.gmi My microblog w/ links to __news_that_i_like__
=> ./the_multi/the_multi.gmi The multi is the game I am making. Meant to be simple and extensible.
=> list.gmi A list of other gemini capsules that i like a check out myself


